if there is one thing that stands out
about traditional American values it is
this respect for women in the protection
of children America's tradition of
caring for women and children comes from
the code of chivalry practiced by the
Knights of old do you remember the
knights in shining armor they were the
heroic men who slayed dragons and
rescued fair maidens well I don't know
about the dragons but they were
certainly the men who stood firm against
Islamic aggression during the Crusades
it was the Crusades that stopped Islam
from overthrowing Europe and even though
they failed to rescue the Middle East
from Islamic conquest it was because of
the Crusaders that we live in freedom
today now when I was a little boy the
greatest heroes of all were the knights
of the round table and every boy dreamed
to be in one the young ladies all
dreamed of the day they would meet their
knight in shining armor they were the
greatest of heroes and their symbol was
the cross of Christ oh that of course
makes the knights in shining armor the
sworn enemies of liberals and the
liberal left in America has worked
tirelessly to rewrite history to make
the Crusaders out to be oppressive
racists kind of like what they're doing
to the tea party today here's a little
bit of the code of chivalry from those
so-called evil Crusaders thou shalt love
the country in which thou was born thou
shalt never lie and shall remain
faithful to thy pledged word thou shalt
be everywhere and always the champion of
right and the good against injustice and
evil live one's life so that it is
worthy of respect and honor avoid lying
to your fellow man protect the innocent
respect women exhibit courage and word
indeed defend the weak and innocent
fight with honor never abandon a friend
and ally or a noble cause always keep
one's word of honor never betray a
confidence it's no wonder the liberals
hate chivalry it tends to really make
them look bad now as an American I say
it's time to bring back the code of
chivalry I'm ready to be one of the new
American Crusaders oh the Liberals and
the Muslims would be hopping mad but do
we care
no not really this is Wild Bill for
America thank you for watching and God
bless america again